Data Analysis AssignmentAriana Giuliano February 11th, 2020This pipeline will be a subset of a larger dataset that has already been analyzed. In our experiment, we compared the performance of patients with damage to the vmPFC to healthy matched controls on a schema/category decision task. Participants were required to decide whether or not incoming word stimuli was related to a given prompt (denoting a schema or category) or not. This was an EEG experiment in which we split the data up between pre-stimulus and post-stimulus time windows to index different processes. Overall, patients were less accurate (but showed comparable reaction times to controls) and showed dysfunctional pre-stimulus (reinstatement-related) activity that appeared to be related to their poor performance. Post-stimulus oscillatory activity was comparable to controls as well, however the relationships between oscillatory dynamics and behaviour were inversed between patients and controls. However, it appears that there may be a few patients driving this. These patients have specific damage to the subcallosal vmPFC (BA25). The follow-up analyses will be the following.Pseudocode:-variables:	-IVs		-group: BA25 vs. Non-BA25		-knowledge type: schema vs. category		-stimulus type: target vs. lure	-DVs		-Reaction time		-Accuracy		-Theta power in the vmPFC		-Theta power in the LT		-Alpha power in the vmPFC		-Alpha power in the LT		-Beta power in the vmPFC		-Beta power in the LT		-Theta DICS b/t the vmPFC and posterior neocortex		 (DICS gives information about synchronization and 							desynchronization)		-Theta DICS b/t the LT and posterior neocortex		-Alpha DICS b/t the vmPFC and posterior neocortex		-Alpha DICS b/t the LT and posterior neocortex		-Beta DICS b/t the vmPFC and posterior neocortex		-Beta DICS b/t the LT and posterior neocortex-Note: some frequency ranges were different between the pre-stimulus and post-stimulus. For pre-stimulus and post-stimulus power, theta, alpha, and beta emerged. However, DICS in the pre-stimulus was specific to theta and alpha, and post-stimulus DICS was specific to alpha and beta.-read in the data using readxl	-one data frame for pre-stimulus and one for post-stimulus-Run Pearson’s product-moment correlations (r) to compare the relationships between groups to the DVs (this will more so be exploratory because the sample sizes are likely not large enough to yield enough variability to produce clear results)-Visualize that data using ggplot2, one scatterplot with two separate lines to compare groups-Run Fisher’s Z between the groups to see whether or not these relationships are significantly different between groups or not-Run non-parametric Wilcoxon W tests unpack the relationship between lesion type, behaviour and brain data-Plot these results on a box plot (using ggplot2) comparing patients with damage to BA25 and patients with no damage to BA25 (x axis = group, y axis = behavioural/brain data)